oh there goes Richard Bayly from driving
ban would just way to give you a little
video about touch control so initially
its final bite
I'm just bring my foot off the clip that
way you can see the can we just drop a
little bit on the back movie
it's just the car raising up and
grabbing the boy in the clutch plates
grow add a little bit of gas someone a
bit and he'll I'll tuck my hand right
down but I've got a cargo net so I'm
just holding it on the Bible right down
do it to the coin and rich stops roll
back and pick them up it's not strong
food we're all playing out I want to
carry on slowly coming up that glitch
till all the way up and then it's all
about how much
gasps I fast okay change gear nice and
click down on my couch just close the
window so you can hear me dip it up
don't need to be down on the look if I
don't need stop
or change them
little tunnel going up on projects for
planets and just it must be cast
and on the round of 8 sticks in
particular is one signal up and I can
see there's quite a lot of activity on
the way it's almost off the gas and then
you slow yourself down as it is the
trumpeters plenteous talking some slow
anything but that guy coming around
around that as well and the trucks come
across so I put it into first Kevin put
down I'm just gently braking just before
a stock off the gap off the brake and
just fine up their points together like
that
and himself through the gears if Tom
changed gear off the gas they're looking
to just take a couple seconds
let's apply the glitter at first two
inches to return this car pointing
towards the different ways nature